hello this is Eric Griffiths at Moroni
Cadillac and this is our 1980
rolls-royce Silver Wraith - it has
42,000 miles on it
Oh Dahmer has stopped true miles our own
known on this vehicle as you can see
it's actually in very good condition
here the grille is in tip-top condition
the paint I would say is easily a 9 out
of 10
tires in the front are low to the
outside and took a little bit of cuffing
there maybe needs an alignment both
front tires back tires look like
brand-new I'm going on the side you'll
see there's no dings or scratches on
this side there is one little chip here
nothing major there the top
here's they have nowhere whatsoever this
car was garage can't come back on it
here their rear hand as you can see it's
tip-top again at nine out of ten for the
paint if I were to find any damage
recover on this paint I would say it's
here a little bit of rust here and also
there's a couple little scratches down
over here very mild be buffed repaint it
probably easily done and they go into
the interior there's the wood trim mild
scratches on the problem from a pet
Floor Mats it could be new sheepskin
underneath looks new as well the leather
seats this is probably the driest
section on the passenger side here this
is where I'd recommend you read diet
this is good cleaning and a read I the
driver seat actually in better condition
just your normal soft leather wrinkles
that come with a car like this gives it
character and then here's the back seat
and you can see it's actually pretty
nice again just needs a good bath and
I'd recommend a read i on it not very
expensive at all
- instruments displays everything
appears to work that we've played with
so far the power seats the headlights
turn signals the air conditioning the
radio even the electric antenna rises up
when you turn it on over here to the
driver's side there's the wood trim
again it looks like a pet was probably
hanging in this window here and
scratched and clawed the soft wood and
here's the door handle again probably
from a pet outside of that if that's the
worst thing I had to say about it now if
I go around here you can see in the back
window again where that rust was you can
see in the hats shelf and so you'll see
some water damage and then in the back
shelf it probably held water at one
point or another I don't know where the
water came in because the seals look
good back here it looked like nowhere
whatsoever but it could have been
repaired and this is probably a scent
another item that has yet to be repaired
easily done though from a trim shop if I
walk around here and open the trunk area
give you a look in there
and there's the trunk you can see over
there in the corners there's possibly
some water damage from that water stains
outside that the trunk is actually in
pretty good condition for a car that's
30 years old so it's a great project car
and let's go into the hood real quick
that's your engine again we notice mild
drops of oil when we parked the car
meaning like the size of a dime or
nickel after it's been left there for 20
minutes of driving we leave a different
other 20 min chill notice like I may be
a nickel size with the oil drop nothing
major but imagine you probably have to
do seals in this because the car is 30
years old and seals dry out in any other
car so it's not like it's a major
overhaul or a rebuilding of the engine
it runs strong does not blow smoke again
the air conditioning does blow cold hope
this video helps give me coffee any
questions Eric really